Today is the Princess's feast day on the throne.
If you dare to behave rudely
Don't blame me for not being nice to you.
Don't be presumptuous.
This is the peaceful king chosen by the prince princess.
The King of Peace
Do you have anything to say?
Your Majesty.
Happy day today
There's been a mistake.
Into a fly.
Flies
Good.
This is a man who doesn't know how to live and die.
That's stupid.
You don't have to step on her.
Your Majesty, I will send someone to deal with her.
So as not to ruin this big day.
Do you know who she is?
Your Majesty asked.
I dare not answer.
This person is a village woman from Ly Hue Ninh.
She's from a remote village called Lac Phuong Village.
There was a mother's love affair with her.
She accidentally came to Kyoto
Knowing that the little one grows successfully, jealousy burns.
Go back to the wedding.
Removing the order in public
Humiliate you and the princess.
There's this.
Your Majesty, I can testify.
The royal family and this woman have completely severed their mother-son relationship.
It's got nothing to do with it.
This woman is brave.
His crime is executed, please inflict severe punishment on him.
The peaceful king.
How do you think you should punish her?
They killed nine of them.